
Hah, yeah
Hell yeah
Hah, know what I'm saying?
Yeah

Mista Busta, where the you at?
Can't scrap a lick, so I know you got your gat
You stay on hard from From gankin' your road dogs
The hoods you threw up with, Homies you grew up with
Don't even respect your ass
That's why it's time for the doctor to check your ass, fool
Used to be my homie, used to be my ace
Now I wanna slap the taste out ya mouth
Make ya bow down to the Row
Gankin' me, now I'm Gankin' you, lil' ho
Oh, don't think I forgot, let you slide
Let me ride, just another homicide
Yeah, it's me so I'ma talk on
Stomping on the easiest streets that you can walk on
So strap on your Compton hat, your locs
And watch your back 'cause you might get smoked, loc
And pass the bud and stay low-key
B.G., 'cause you lost all your homie's love
Now call it what you want to
You trip with me, now it's a must that I trip with you


You better raise up
You know what I'm sayin'
We now have your record company surrounded
Put down the candy and let the little boy go
Yeah
We want Eazy! We want Eazy! We want Eazy!

Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Doggy Dogg's definitely in the House
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
Death Row's definitely in the House
Bow wow wow yippy yo yippy yay
The sounds of a dog brings me to another day
Play with my bone, would ya Timmy?
It seems like you're good for making jokes about your jimmy
Well, here's a jimmy joke about your mama that you might not like
I heard she was a 'Frisco dyke
But on the rizzeals, I'm talking about you and me
Toe to toe, Tim M-U-T
Your bark was loud but your bite wasn't vicious
And them rhymes you were kickin' were quite bootylicious
You get with Doggy Dogg? "Oh, is he crazy?"
With your mama and your daddy hollering "Baby!"
So won't they let you know
That if you step with Dre, fool, you're step wit Death Row
And I ain't even swangin' them thangs
I'm hollerin' 187 with my gat in your mouth, fool (Fool...)


Yeah
Long Beach and Compton together on this track
And just when you thought we were slippin'
BOO-YEAH!
Right back at ya
Now
You wanna step up and get your cranium cracked
Step on up
And remember the name
Mighty
Mighty
D-R
And we puttin' in work
Yeah

Now understand this, my homie Dre can't be touched
Luke's bending over so Luke's getting stuffed, buster
Must've thought I was sleazy
Or thought I was a mark 'cause I used to hang with Eazy
Animosity made you speak what you spoke (Yeah)
Ayo, Dre (What up?) Break him off somethin', loc
If it ain't another ho that I gots to get with
Gap teeth in your mouth so my gat's gots to fit
With my sack on your tonsils
While you're on stage rappin' at your wack-ass concert
And I'ma snatch your ass from the backside
And show you how Death Row pull off that who-ride
Now you might not understand me
'Cause I'ma rob you in Compton and blast you in Miami
Then we gonna creep to South Central
On a street knowledge mission as I steps in the temple
Spot him, got him, as I pulls out my strap
Got my chrome to the side of his White Sox hat
You tryna check my homie, you best check yourself
'Cause when you diss Dre you diss yourself  (Hell yeah)


So all you mark-ass busters need to raise up
Really doe
Death Row is runnin' the nine-trey
And you know we can't be faded (faded...)

